1.Why do you like to join as a Software developer?


Ans: I would like to join as a software developer because of my passion. During My Diploma and B. tech project times, I completed my project with full of involvement  enjoyed the coding process.I gained self satisfaction through the work I have done.Since those times,coding has become my passion



2.List top 3 softwares / tools that inspire you. Why do these tools inspire you?
Ans:
    Django:
        This allows developers to build applications quickly and efficiently by reusing code and components.

    Angular:
        It enables the creation of dynamic and interactive user interfaces.
    Bootstrap:
        Bootstrap provides a collection of pre designed components

3.List top 3 organisations you like to join in your career & why you like these organisations.

    ZENNODE: After my career break it will be the best platform to restart my career.It's a great privilage for anyone to work in a reputed company like your's. And I will do my best to the organization development .

    Infosys: To experience the work culture of infosys  and contribute my skill to a dynamic team
    
    Google: For reputation


4. How you position yourself in this industry after 2 years.
  I want to sharpen my technical abilities  and I would like to see myself as a succesful employee in this organization


5.List 3 projects / products you have built or have planned to build in the upcoming year, also explain your role in the same.

    1>Senslide (Python Machine learning)

    (This research is introduce a new machine learning approach named asBE-LMtree.)

    Implement a system which is able to detect and predict the possibility of Landslide at anyLocation using some input datasets.And give alert to public and authorities 
    Full involvement with my project team during development (Mentored by HOD)

    2>Mail Server:(PHP)

    A Mail Server with additional features like sending notification to mobile number, message status displaying and other common features

    Full involvement

    3>Help Desk(LAVA)
        Automation of a department activites(Educational sector)

    4>Online Pharmacy( python )
        I am currently working on this project to develop an E Pharmacy, Using Angular and django rest framework








